all sites on hold. We appreciate your patience and ask that you please continue to stand by. ... ... ... ¶¶ Thank you. ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¦ ¦ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¦ ¦ ¦ To all sites on hold, we appreciate your patience and ask that you please continue to stand by. ¶¶ . . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¶¶ ¶¶ ¶¶ To all sites of hope, we appreciate your patience and ask that you please continue to stand by. Your program will begin momentarily. ¶¶ ¶¶ Please stand by. Your program is about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Altria Group 2025 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour, including remarks by Altria's management and a question and answer session. In order to ask a question, please press the star followed by the number one on your touchtone phone at any time. Representatives from the investment community and media on the call will be able to ask questions following the conclusion of prepared remarks. I would now like to turn the call over to Mac Livingston, Vice President of Investor Relations for Altria Client Services. Please go ahead, sir. Thanks, David. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. This morning, Billy Gifford, Altria's CEO, and Sal Mancuso, our CFO, will discuss Altria's first quarter business results. Earlier today, we issued a press release providing our results. The release, presentation, quarterly metrics, and our latest corporate responsibility reports are all available at altria.com. During our call today, unless otherwise stated, we're comparing results to the same period in 2024. Our remarks contain forward-looking statements, including projections of future results. Please review the forward-looking and cautionary statements section at the end of today's earnings release for various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from projections. Future dividend payments and share repurchases remain subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. We report our financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Today's call will contain various operating results on both a reported and adjusted basis. Adjusted results exclude special items that affect comparisons with reported results. Descriptions of these non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release and on our website at altria.com. Finally, all references in today's remarks to tobacco consumers or consumers within a specific tobacco category or segment refer to existing adult tobacco consumers 21 years of age or older. With that, I'll turn the call over to Billy. Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Our highly profitable traditional tobacco businesses performed well in a challenging environment in the first quarter. The smokable products segment delivered solid adjusted operating companies' income growth behind the strength of Marlboro. in the oral tobacco product segment, ON maintained momentum in a competitive marketplace as Helix invested strategically behind the brand. And shareholders continued to benefit from strong cash returns through dividends and share repurchases while we invested in pursuit of our vision. My remarks this morning will focus on encouraging first quarter results from ON, the state of the eVapor category and enforcement progress, and our path forward with eVapor. I'll then turn it over to Sal, who will provide further detail on our business results. Let's begin with ON and the nicotine pouch category. Oil nicotine pouches drove the estimated 10% increase in oil tobacco industry volume over the past six months. In the first quarter, Oral nicotine palates grew 8.7 share points and now represent nearly half of the oral tobacco category. Keelix delivered strong performance in a very competitive environment this quarter, growing on reported shipment volume to over 39 million cans, representing 18% growth. On continuing its momentum at retail, expanding its share of the oral tobacco category to 8.8%, an increase of 1.8 share points versus the prior year, and one-tenth of a share point sequentially. In addition, one share of the nicotine pouch category was 17.9%, an increase of half a share point versus the prior year. Neelix delivered these results while continuing to optimize promotional resources and as ONN's price at retail increased year over year. We believe Helix's ability to grow ONN's volume and share while its retail price is increasing demonstrates ONN's strengthening brand equity among loyal consumers. As a result of responsible brand building investments, including the new It's ONN campaign, consumer impressions of ONN grew by nearly five times versus the prior year, exceeding 200 million in the first quarter. And over the past six months, awareness of the OIN brand among current oral nicotine pouch consumers reached over 60 percent, an increase of nine percentage points. This year, KELIX plans to maintain this momentum by bringing the It's OIN campaign to more consumers and focusing on equity investments behind the on-brand in new and existing channels. Let's now turn to the evapor category, where the illicit flavored disposable market continues to drive category growth. At the end of the quarter, we estimate the evapor category included more than 20 million vapors, up over 2.6 million versus a year ago. During the same period, disposable vapors increased by an estimated 4 million to approximately 14 million. We estimate that illicit evapor products now represent more than 60% of the category. To address the illicit evapor issue, we remain focused on advocating for regulatory reforms to accelerate product authorizations, and enhance enforcement against illicit actors. We are actively engaging with members of Congress and key administrative staff to highlight the importance of this issue and are urging the new administration and the federal multi-agency task force established last year to take stronger, more coordinated action. We're also supporting state legislative remedies to address illicit evaper, including state directories. Today, two states have enacted directory legislation this year, and another 21 states have legislation pending. State AGs are also becoming more active. In the first quarter, 10 state AGs announced various actions, including civil lawsuits, targeted investigations, and warning letters against illicit evaper manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers. In April, Iowa's AG led a coalition of every Republican state AG in asking the Trump administration to continue combating the flood of illicit evaper from China into the U.S. Let's now turn to ENJOY. Since we acquired ENJOY in 2023, the evapor marketplace has changed significantly to the detriment of legitimate evapor manufacturers like ENJOY. Unfortunately, in the absence of FDA authorized flavored choices, many consumers have turned to the illicit market. And ENJOY has been further challenged by the ITC's exclusion order and cease and desist orders that took effect on March 31st. To comply with the orders, ENJOY discontinued the importation of ENJOY ACE and ceased shipments to wholesale. These orders are yet another step backwards for the eVapor category. They severely limit FDA authorized choices for consumers and undermine public health. ENJOY intends to appeal the ITC's decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and our teams continue to work to finalize a product solution that we believe addresses all four patents. Looking ahead, we believe it is critical to compete in the eVapor category with products that align with the evolving expectations of today's consumers. We see the exit of Enjoy Ace from the market saturated with illicit products as an opportunity to refine and strengthen our eVapor product portfolio. To that end, we are combining the talent and capabilities we gained in the Enjoy acquisition with our evolved view on today's vapors to broaden Enjoy's pipeline of innovative eVapor products. We continue to believe in the promise of a fully regulated eVapor category. As I said before, the FDA has all the resources and tools necessary to accomplish that goal by expediting the authorization process and forcefully enforcing its rules. In the meantime, we are positioning ourselves to re-enter a properly regulated market where we can compete on a level playing field and make significant progress toward our vision. I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on our business results. Thanks, Billy. Turning to our first quarter business results, the smokable product segment grew adjusted operating company's income, or OCI, by 2.7%. Adjusted OCI margins were 64.4%, an increase of 4.2 percentage points versus a year ago. This performance was supported by robust net price realization of 10.8%. Total smokable product segment reported domestic cigarette volumes declined by 13.7% in the first quarter. When adjusted for calendar differences in trade inventory movements, we estimate that our domestic cigarette volumes declined by 12% over the same period. At the industry level, when adjusted for trade inventory movements, calendar differences, and other factors, we estimate that domestic cigarette volumes declined by 9%. During the quarter, cigarette industry volume declines remained elevated, partly due to the growth of illicit flavored disposable e-vapor products and continued discretionary income pressures on consumers. Smokers remain under economic pressure due to the compounding effects of inflation exceeding overall wage growth, especially among low-income consumers. Although the year-over-year increases in the rate of inflation moderated in the quarter, high prices on everyday expenses continue to constrain disposable income. As a result, we've seen smokers continue to seek price relief at retail, either within their regular brand or in the form of discount products. In the first quarter, the discount cigarette segment grew by 1.8 share points. Marlboro retail share declined by one share point versus the year-ago period, and 0.3 share points sequentially. Within the highly profitable premium segment, where smoker purchasing behavior tends to reflect high levels of brand loyalty, Marlboro maintained its longstanding leadership in the category. In the first quarter, Marlboro expanded its share of the premium segment by 0.1 SharePoint to 59.3%, while other competitive brands ceded share. We are encouraged by Marlboro's resilient performance and believe it is a testament to its positioning as the aspirational brand in the category, strong brand loyalty, and PMUSA's RGM and data analytics capabilities. PMUSA uses its RGM tools to manage the Marlboro franchise holistically, supporting Marlboro at the state, store, and consumer levels. As I discussed at Cagney, national metrics like average price gaps are too generalized to be meaningful. and are not reflective of how PMUSA delivers value or manages the business. As a result, beginning in the first quarter, we are no longer providing the Marlboro price gap versus the lowest effective price in our quarterly metrics. In cigars, reported shipment volume decreased 2.9%. Middleton continued to outperform in the large mass cigar industry behind the strength of Black & Mild. Let's turn now to the oral tobacco product segment, which delivered over $400 million in total adjusted OCI in the first quarter. Adjusted OCI margins remained strong at 69.2%, down slightly from a year ago. total segment reported shipment volume decreased 5% as growth in on was more than offset by lower MST volumes. When adjusted for calendar differences in trade inventory movements, we estimate that first quarter oral tobacco product segment volumes declined by approximately 1%. Oral tobacco product segment retail share declined by 3.1 percentage points, as declines in our MST brands were not fully offset by continued share growth of ON. Overall, we remain encouraged by the performance of our oral tobacco products, as ON grew volume and share in a highly competitive category and Copenhagen remained a significant contributor to adjusted OCI as the leading moist smokeless tobacco brand for consumers who want a high-quality premium product experience. Let's turn to an update on our eVapor reporting unit. As Billy mentioned, the ITC orders related to the Enjoy Ace went into effect at the end of the first quarter. As a result, We performed an interim impairment assessment of the goodwill and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $873 million. Despite the withdrawal of ENJOY ACE from the marketplace, we believe we gained valuable assets and capabilities in the ENJOY acquisition that can be applied toward a future evapor pipeline that meets consumer preferences over the long term. Turning to ABI's financial results, we recorded $146 million of adjusted equity earnings, down 11.5% versus the prior year. This decline was driven by a lower ownership interest compared to the year-ago period, reflecting the sale of a portion of our ABI investment. We continue to view our ABI stake as a financial investment and our goal remains to maximize the long-term value of the investment for our shareholders. We remain committed to returning significant value to shareholders and maintaining a strong balance sheet. In the first quarter, we paid approximately $1.7 billion in dividends and repurchased 5.7 million shares for $326 million. At the end of the first quarter, we had $674 million remaining under our current share repurchase program, which we expect to complete by the end of the year. In addition, our balance sheet remains strong. Our total debt to EBITDA ratio as of March 31st was 2.1 times in line with our target of approximately two times. Let's move now to guidance, where we expect to deliver 2025 full-year adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $5.30 to $5.45, representing a growth rate of 2% to 5% from a base of $5.19 in 2024. As noted in today's press release, beginning in the first quarter we changed our treatment of our amortization expense associated with definite lives intangible assets and now excluded from our adjusted results we believe that operating results adjusted for this item better reflect the underlying performance of our businesses and provides a better comparison to prior operating results as a result Our guidance reflects a recast of the guidance range and 2024 base. Our growth rate expectation is unchanged. Our guidance assumes limited impact on combustible and evapor product volumes from enforcement efforts in the illicit evapor market and assumes ENJOY ACE does not return to the marketplace this year. The guidance range also includes the reinvestment of anticipated cost savings related to our previously announced Optimize and Accelerate initiative and lower expected net periodic benefit income. In addition, our guidance range contemplates limited impact of increased tariffs on our costs and potential impacts on our consumers based on presently available information about tariffs. We will continue to closely monitor the state of our consumers, including how the economic impact of tariffs could affect their purchasing behaviors. With that, we'll wrap up, and Billy and I will be happy to take your questions. While the calls are being compiled, I'll remind you that today's earnings release and our non-GAAP reconciliations are available on Altria.com. We've also posted our usual quarterly metrics, which include pricing, inventory, and other items. Let's open the question and answer period. Operator, do we have any questions? Thank you. And once again, as a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press the star key followed by the number 1 on your touchtone phone at this time. Investors, analysts, and media representatives are now invited to participate in a question and answer session. We will take questions from the investment community first. Our first question comes from Matt Smith with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Matt Smith, Stifel, Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Good morning, Matt. Billy, maybe to start, Altrae has a unique perspective or a great perspective on the consumer. You talked about some of the macroeconomic pressure the consumer is facing. And when we look at the bridge in the underlying cigarette volume chart that you provide, it looks like the macroeconomic factor is less of an impact relative to the cross-category factors that you're calling out. Can you talk about the current state of the consumer? And are you seeing that inflationary pressure on the consumer play a role in that elevated cross category movement? Yeah, it's a great question, Matt. We certainly are seeing the consumer under pressure, and we've been noting it for a number of quarters, as you recall. It's the cumulative impact of the inflation. It's not just one quarter standalone. It's the cumulative impact over time. And we are seeing, to your point, in the cross category, especially to elicit eVapor, we're seeing pricing from a consumer perspective move up. It's certainly not number one. Flavors are still number one in the flexibility they have and the amount of choices they have in the marketplace being the number one thing. But price is certainly moving up in that and is becoming a more prominent factor. Thank you, Billy. And as a follow-up, can you talk about – what you're seeing from the consumer that gives you the confidence in continuing to seek pretty robust pricing in the cigarette category? You announced an additional price increase recently. And can you talk about the confidence in the consumer for that pricing, or perhaps it's more flexibility with that pricing to reinvest more in Marlboro to sustain the strong performance you're seeing in the premium segment. Thank you. Yeah, I think it's the key point you had at the end. It's the flexibility. It's a little bit of both. Certainly the strength of Marlboro, but the tools we have available to us with data analytics and revenue growth management. allows us to apply resources where they're needed by the consumer. And you'll recall us describing it. We can do it at the store level. We're certainly in progress to try to do it to the individual level, but we can certainly do it to the store level pretty effectively. And we're pleased with the results Marple's had in the marketplace from a market share standpoint. We'll take our next question from Gaurav Jain with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Hi. Good morning, Billy. Good morning, Sal. Three questions from me. One is on the brand you have, Basic. It seems that you have repositioned it down almost to the pricing of Lucky Strike. I'm picking that data up from you, so maybe my reading isn't correct, but can you just uh help us understand how you are thinking about uh approaching the discount segment yeah it's a good question grow up look i wouldn't see it as a strategy shift this is very common to what we do back through time if you think about it when we were increasing the profitability on basic in our history we used positioning l m to capture those smokers that were unable to move up with the price increases on basic you're seeing the exact opposite now as we increase profitability on l m We ran some tests with our basic brand in the marketplace. We were pleased with the test that it was able to capture those consumers that couldn't move up or were unable to move up with the increased price, and we were able to capture them with the brand. So we expanded that as we moved into this year. You know, we are still a premium-focused company. We want to have presence in discount, but we are not interested in growing the discount segment. The profitability is still in the premium segment. You know, you recall at Cagney, and it's still true as we ended the first quarter, the dollar market share of Marlboro still exceeds its overall market share from a volume perspective. Thank you so much. And my second question is on oil. So, still pretty robust growth, 18% YOY. Clearly, growth has slowed down. And we have the biggest competitor increasing guidance last week. They're more bullish. So do you think there is a risk to ONCE trajectory as we go into the second half of the year? And do you need to pursue a multi-brand strategy, maybe enter synthetic nicotine? So could you just help us understand how you're thinking about ONCE? Yeah, I'll try to disassemble. There are a couple of questions in there, and I'll try to answer them individually. I think, look, we're pleased with the orange. Some of it's just mathematical. As the base grows, certainly from a percentage standpoint, it's going to slow a bit. But it's a competitive marketplace. We're certainly seeing the entry of various, as you mentioned, synthetic nicotine products into the marketplace. with different traits to the consumer, and the consumers are trying those. But we're pleased with it. And, you know, I would highlight again back to our pipeline. We're excited for authorization for ONplus to bring it to the marketplace. Certainly it was the adult dipper that moved first, and they were desiring something a bit larger from a pouch perspective. And so we're excited to be able to bring ONplus, and we feel good about ON, and we'll continue to drive its momentum in the marketplace. Thank you. And lastly, on e-cigarettes, so, you know, it is really a big category, and now you can't sell your devices. So is it that you will just exit the market, or because that doesn't seem to be a viable strategy long-term, so how should we think about you approaching the e-cigarette market here on? Yeah, certainly we can't ship anything after March 31st. So we see shipments. Anything that was at wholesale or retail can continue to be sold through. I think your broader question is, what is our strategy in eVapor? And as we try to express both in this earnings call and at Cagney, we believe eVapor is something we need to participate in long-term because it has been the most successful in the U.S., converting adult smokers to smoke-free products. From this standpoint, it's important to step back and think about the nature of the marketplace that's currently taking place. You heard in my remarks, over 60% of the market is illicit eVapor products. that completely went around the regulatory process. So we're certainly advocating for quicker authorizations because you can see the success of moving the consumer from smokable or combustible products to smoke-free products that eVapor has, and that we need authorizations because the consumer is desiring it, but we also need enforcement for those products that go around the system. Our interest is to learn from the consumer the traits and characteristics of the disposables that they like, enhance our pipeline, and that's where we're investing. Certainly, we're at final design for the last patent that we were found to be infringed upon. We'll continue to challenge in legal. I don't want you to think we're giving up the legal challenges, but we are close to having Worked around all of the four patents that we were found to have infringed upon, and we're excited to bring pods back. But remember, the pod category itself is shrinking. It's disposable that's growing. And so there were traits there, and we've included those traits in our pipeline of products and are excited to move forward and be able to bring Enjoy back to the marketplace. Thank you so much. We'll take our next question from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open. All right. Thank you. Good morning. I guess I'm hoping to hear your perspective on the lost shipment and retail share in the quarter and, you know, maybe how concerned you are and, you know, are further share gains factored into the low end of your guidance? And then despite the volume and share pressures, you still were able to generate, you know, OCI growth but I think primarily due to the lower legal fees. So just trying to think through this and how you're going to manage some of these factors next year when you lap that. Yeah, no, I appreciate your question, Bonnie. I would remind you of our strategy in the combustible segment. Remember, it's to maximize profitability over the long term while balancing investments in Marlboro and the smoke-free categories. And that's exactly what you saw take place in the first quarter. Certainly, we're going to look at trends over the long term. We're not going to react from a quarter-to-quarter basis. We're, again, pleased with the way Marble's performing in the marketplace with the consumer under extreme economic conditions that they're facing. Certainly, your view towards what you believe will happen in the macroeconomic is a factor, and when you believe that consumers have experienced enough choices in the eVapor category, that that potentially slows through time of that conversion over. So, those are things that we're thinking about. We certainly think about the strength of the brand, the economic pressures that the consumer is under, but that's where we have the RGM tools to be able to bring those those consumers that are under extreme pressure bring them relief in portions of the Marlboro brand. And so we'll continue to monitor it, especially the tariff impact, as that's a very fluid environment, how that impacts the consumer. But we're pleased with the first quarter results. Okay, thanks for that. And then just maybe a A little bit of a follow-on question, but different. You know, just wanted to ask a couple questions on the relative price gap. I mean, first, I guess I'm curious to hear why you're no longer providing this in your metric sheet. And then, second, how are you thinking about the gaps right now, considering, you know, they remain very wide between Marlboro, you know, the lowest-priced big brand in the market? I guess. How are you thinking about it in the context of what, you know, we were just talking about the pressures on the consumer and the potential we move into recession this year? I guess, Billy, essentially, what are you doing, you know, to try and prevent further down training pressures? Just thinking about the share question I asked earlier. Yep, I think I understand your question, but if I answer it wrong, follow back up, Bonnie. I think when you think about it, remember, and we've tried to describe this through various interactions with you all and the investor base, is that, price gap that we were showing was a national average. And we're really executing and making decisions in the business at the store level, and that's where the price gap matters. And you'll remember at Cagney, Sal laid out for you all, here's the price gap of Marlboro in a store, here's what, And certain segments of the Marlboro brand and franchise would be at like Marlboro Black, for instance, in some stores was low as a price gap of 5%. So we're really monitoring and executing our RGM tools at the store level. What we came to realize is that we kept getting asked questions about the national price gap, and that's not the way we were managing the business. And so it was causing confusion. So we felt like people were asking about it because we were publishing it, but that wasn't the way we were managing the business and having to explain how we were actually managing the business. And that was the decision to remove it from the quarterly metrics. Okay, thank you. I'll pass it on. We'll take our next question from with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Hi, guys. Three questions this morning. Firstly, I appreciate it is very early days, but there have been significant tariffs implemented on products imported from China, which would include the disposable vapes. Have you seen any impact on the imports availability and pricing for the disposable vapes from China post these tariffs. Yeah, I think it's too early to see the true indications of how I think that trend will play out as we progress through the year. Our hope is with revenue dollars available to the government, there will be much more enforcement taking place at the borders. And maybe we're starting to see the green shoots of that a little bit with certain crackdowns at the borders. But certainly with revenue, our hope is that there will be more attention paid to cracking down on these products coming into the U.S. And secondly, one of your peers I noted recently acquired a portfolio of synthetic disposable vapes that could potentially look to compete with the disposable vapes from China. What is your view on synthetic vape products? And is this an area that Altria could increase activity without having to go around the PMTA filings? would be interesting to know. Yes, certainly our view on synthetic has evolved through time. As you recall, last, with the urine earnings release, we talked about our view was that synthetic was illegal because of the way the statute was written. It's certainly the indications with the activities from the FDA. It appears they're using enforcement discretion and enforcing against those products. So it certainly moves synthetic nicotine up on our radar. And so we're looking at all available opportunities to assess what's the right move in that direction. Thanks. And maybe the third question is for Sal. The settlement payments in the quarter were down about 20% or $170 million. Anything that you would call out on the drivers behind this and any phasing that may be behind the payments this year? Yeah, remember, there's a lot of variables that go into the calculation of the MSA and settlement payments. I would point out that there was the expiration of the legal fund. You started to see that in the fourth quarter of last year, and that will continue. So, on a comparative basis, you will see that benefit in the first three quarters of this year. Perfect. Thank you, guys. Thank you. And once again, if you would like to ask a question, please press the star key followed by the number 1 on your touchtone phone at this time. We'll take our next question from Emma Rumi with Reuters. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Hi, guys. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Well, I have a few, if that's all right. The first one is on the tariffs and whether you can see any kind of discernible impact on consumer sentiment in the U.S. as a result of the tariffs and the uncertainty surrounding tariffs. Any color you have on that would be great. Sure. Good morning. So as I said in my opening remarks, our guidance does consider the impact of tariffs. Remember, we are predominantly a U.S. company with a U.S.-focused supply chain. So while certain materials may be impacted, for example, tin and aluminum that are used in some of our packaging, the impact on our costs are limited, especially compared to other CPG companies and other industries. Of course, we do and will continue to closely monitor the potential impact to our consumers as the year plays out. Okay. But so far, are you seeing any sort of discernible impact from the tariffs that have been imposed or that are threatened? Yeah, on a cost basis, nothing material. From a consumer standpoint, obviously, they've been under economic pressure for quite a while. A lot of it, the sustained level of inflation that has taken place, the cumulative impact of that. So, you know, tariffs, I think, has impacted consumer confidence. You haven't necessarily seen it so much in the everyday items, but everyday items are up just because of inflation. So the consumer is under pressure. It's early days, and we'll see how this plays out throughout the year. And it is something we run a lot of scenarios when we're thinking about providing the investment community guidance. And there are always puts and takes as the year plays out. And I think we are well positioned to adjust. Got it. Thank you. And obviously on tariffs, there's still a lot of uncertainty around the duration or the rates that will be applied. Could you talk a little bit about how you kind of plan for the long term and in your guidance, whether you're using a particular percentage for tariffs as part of the sort of base case or if? Yeah, I assume that you're looking at kind of 10% perhaps or 20% on aluminium, but it'd be great if you could talk me through the numbers that you're including in your base case scenario. Yeah, I understand the question. It's a fair question. I'm not going to get into specific numbers and details. What I would tell you is that when you look at the cost of our products, specifically our biggest income generator, the cigarette business, the predominant cost is really driven by federal excise tax, settlement payments, things like that. The cost for materials, leaf conversion is really is pretty low compared to most CPG companies. So it is something we consider. We have a really terrific supply chain group that is looking at alternative suppliers, and we feel really good about their ability to continue to think about this long term and manage it appropriately. So, again, we'll continue to monitor the situation. It is very early days, but we believe that we've got the ability to adjust as time goes on. And, again, we'll pay close attention to the impact on the consumer. Got it. Thank you. And then last one from me, if I may, on unauthorized vapes. You talked a minute ago about the potential for tariffs to increase enforcement at the border, and that's interesting. But I wondered if more broadly you've seen any other positive signals from the Trump administration so far and how you interpret the changes that have been either implemented or proposed at the FDA and CTP? Certainly we're hopeful, hopeful that they take a position of authorizing and enforcing it. And you heard me earlier say, and you referred to it, certainly with the potential for additional revenue to the U.S. government, we're hopeful that there will be stepped-up enforcement at the borders. But more importantly is exactly where you went, which is the FDA and the CTP. that they take seriously the regulatory act that was passed by Congress. It shows with these elicit vapes in the marketplace that the consumer wants to move. And so they need to increase their authorization, have a very disciplined process. You remember the act itself called for products to be authorized within 180 days. And I can't recall any product even coming close to meeting that deadline. And so certainly authorization so that you fill the pipeline with products that the consumer wants, and then enforcement for those that just completely shirk the regulatory process that was laid forth by Congress and the intentions there. So we're certainly hopeful. I think we saw some early actions with the removal of the proposed rule for both menthol in cigarettes and flavored cigars, and we're hopeful that that activity and momentum continues. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. And there appears to be no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mac Livingston for any closing remarks. Just thanks to everybody for joining us, and have a great day. We'll talk to you soon. Thanks. This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect at any time.