Good morning and welcome to the Synchrony Financial first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Please refer to the company's investor relations website for access to their earnings materials. Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded in listen-only mode. The call will be opened up for your questions following the conclusion of management's prepared remarks. If at any time you should need operator assistance, please press star zero. If you wish to ask a question following the prepared remarks, please press star 1. I will now turn the call over to Catherine Miller, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Catherine Miller Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results can differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit or guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. On the call this morning are Brian Devils, Synchrony's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Wentzel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Brian Devils. Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everyone. Synchrony delivered a strong financial performance in the first quarter of 2025 that included net earnings of $757 million, or $1.89 per diluted share, a return on average assets of 2.5%, and a return on tangible common equity of 22.4%. These results were driven by Synchrony's ability to leverage our core strengths in order to empower our customers with prudent financial flexibility and enduring value when they need it most, while also delivering loyalty and sales to the many partners, providers, and small businesses that form the foundation of our economy. During the first quarter, Synchrony engaged with approximately 70 million customers and generated $41 billion in purchase volume. Year-over-year trends in both active accounts and purchase volume continued to be impacted by the credit actions that Synchrony previously implemented, as well as continued moderation in customer spend as they navigated the challenges of affordability in day-to-day lives. Dual and co-branded cards accounted for 45% of total purchase volume for the quarter and increased 2%, generally reflecting the growth from our CareCredit dual card launch, which began last year and has been contributing to out-of-partner spend ever since. Purchase volume at the platform level ranged from between down 1% and down 9% year-over-year, as customers generally remained selected in their discretionary spend and bigger ticket purchases. particularly in categories like furniture, jewelry, outdoor, dental, and cosmetics. Slide three of our earnings presentation provides a closer look at our weekly purchase volume during the first quarter, as well as the first two weeks of April. Our week-to-week sales were generally consistent throughout the quarter, as was the weekly variance the prior year, including in March when news of government layoffs and tariffs began to intensify. And as you can see by the generational mix of weekly sales, we saw consistent engagement across the customer base throughout the quarter with no discernible shift between generational cohorts. These portfolio spend trends in combination with our credit actions contributed to the 2% year-over-year decline in ending receivables. From the payment behavior perspective, payment rate remained flat compared to last year, but increased sequentially by 10 basis points, generally in line with pre-pandemic seasonality. This sequential increase in payment behavior occurred across all credit grades as the proportion of above-minimum payments increased and less-than-minimum payments decreased. In aggregate, the proportion of less-than-minimum payments in our portfolio remained below the 2017 to 2019 average across all credit segments. Synchrony monitors our customers' behavior very closely across our portfolio through a comprehensive set of real-time indicators and data points, which range from cash usage and utility payment data to credit bureau and auto payment changes. And when viewed in combination with the spend and payment behaviors we've observed, we believe that customers are continuing to manage their spending needs and payment obligations amidst the challenges of a persistent inflationary environment and uncertain economic backdrop. Of course, our customers, partners, and small and mid-sized businesses rely on Synchrony for access to financial product and flexibility with attractive value propositions and utility for wherever life may take them. Our track record of leveraging our proprietary data, sophisticated underwriting and analytics, diverse product suite, and channel distribution to drive sales and enhance loyalty has reinforced Synchrony's position as the partner of choice, and we are proud of the consistently strong partner pipeline that has resulted from this execution. During the first quarter, Synchrony added or renewed more than 10 partners, including Sun Country, Texas A&M Veterinary Hospital, Ashley, Discount Tire, and American Eagle. Synchrony is always seeking opportunities to expand access to flexible financing across the wide range of spend categories we serve, particularly those where customers seek to maximize value. Our new co-brand program with Sun Country Airlines, a Minnesota-based hybrid low-cost air carrier, is a great opportunity to deliver compelling utility and rewards for flights throughout the United States and to destinations in Mexico, Central America, Canada, and the Caribbean. We have also continued to expand our Care Credit acceptance across the veterinary space and are excited to announce that Care Credit has been named the preferred financing partner for the Texas A&M University Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital. This new partnership reflects a significant milestone in solidifying care credit acceptance at all 29 public veterinary university hospitals in the country, as well as Synchrony's commitment to supporting the veterinary community in ensuring pet parents have access to care for their beloved pets. In addition, our program Renewal with Ashley, the number one furniture selling brand in the USA and one of the world's largest furniture manufacturers, extends our nearly 15-year partnership. We are excited about the opportunity we see to help drive retail growth and enable customers to access flexible financing solutions to purchase quality furnishings that fit their lifestyle and budget. Meanwhile, our program renewal of Discount Tire will provide their millions of carholders with access to expanded utility at over 1 million U.S. locations through the Synchrony Car Care Network for automotive services and repairs, as well as for purchases like insurance, gas, oil changes, and more. And finally, we're proud to build our nearly 30-year partnership with American Eagle Outfitters through a multi-year extension that will continue to deliver exceptional value, enhance the customer experience, and deepen customer relationships. The Real Rewards by American Eagle and Aerie loyalty program was recognized as one of America's best loyalty programs by Newsweek for the fifth consecutive year. And the Real Rewards credit card was named my best retail credit card in-store rewards for 2025. These awards reflect our collective commitment to delivering value to loyal customers and driving growth, and we look forward to expanding access to these industry-leading financial solutions. So as we look to the remainder of 2025 and beyond, Synchrony remains in a position of strength. We are focused on executing across our strategic priorities and maintaining our differentiated approach to serving our customers and partners. Synchrony's ability to optimize the outcomes for our many stakeholders has been made possible by the incredible people here at Synchrony, who deeply understand their evolving needs and expectations. Our team approaches each opportunity to deliver best-in-class experiences with a passion and a commitment to excellence that is inspiring. That's why I'm so proud to share that Synchrony was named as the number two best company to work for in the U.S. by Fortune magazine and Great Places to Work. This recognition is testament to our unique culture, our company values that our employees embody every day, and our unwavering dedication to keeping our people at the heart of all that we do. And as our team continues to drive innovation, expand access to flexible financing, and deliver compelling results for all those we serve, we also remain focused on building our leadership position and driving significant long-term value for our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian to discuss our financial performance in greater detail. Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Sigrid's first quarter performance continued to demonstrate the strength of our differentiated business model, which has been built to deliver resilient risk-adjusted returns through evolving market conditions. We generated $41 billion of purchase volume during the first quarter, which was down 4% year-over-year when compared to a record first quarter last year. include the effects of the credit actions we took between mid-2023 and early 2024, continued selectivity in customer spend behavior, and one less day in the quarter, which had an approximate 1% point impact. Ending loan receivables decreased 2% to $100 billion in the first quarter due to lower purchase volume. Our portfolio payment rate remained flat versus last year at 15.8% and was approximately 60 basis points above the pre-pandemic first quarter average. Net revenue decreased 23% to $3.7 billion, primarily reflecting the impact of the PetsBets gain on sale in the prior year. Excluding this impact, net revenue was essentially flat as lower interest expense and higher other income were offset by higher RSA. Net interest income increased 1% to $4.5 billion as a 7% decrease in interest expense was partially offset by a modest decline in interest income. Our first quarter net interest margin was 14.74% and increased 19 basis points compared to last year. The increase was driven in part by lower interest-bearing liabilities costs, which decreased 26 basis points versus last year and contributed approximately 25 basis points to our net interest margin. Our loan receivable yield grew 24 basis points, primarily driven by the impact of our product, pricing, and policy changes, or PPP fees, and partially offset by lower benchmark rates and lower assessed late fees. This contributed approximately 20 basis points to our net interest margin. Our liquidity portfolio yield declined 88 basis points, generally reflecting the impact of lower benchmark rates, and reduced our net interest margin by 15 basis points. And the mix of our interest-earning assets decreased by 62 basis points and reduced our net interest margin by approximately 11 basis points. RSAs of $895 million were 3.59% of average loan receivables in the first quarter and increased $131 million versus the prior year, primarily reflecting the program performance, which included the impact of our PPPCs. Another income decreased 87% year-over-year to $149 million due to the impact of the PetsBest game on sale in the prior year. Excluding that impact, Other income increased 69 percent, primarily driven by the impact of our PPPC-related fees. Provision for credit losses decreased to $1.5 billion, driven by a $97 million reserve release in the first quarter, compared to the prior year's reserve bill of $299 million, which included a $190 million reserve bill related to our Ally lending acquisition. Other expense increased 3 percent to $1.2 billion, generally due to the cost associated with the technology investments, and included a $15 million charitable contribution and a $12 million restructuring charge related to the Allied Lending business and the expected completion of its integration in the second quarter. Excluding the charitable contribution and the restructuring charge impacts, our expense would have been up 1% versus last year. The first quarter efficiency ratio was 33.4%, approximately 110 basis points higher than last year, when excluding the impact of the pet's best gain on sale. Taken together, Synchrony generated net earnings of $757 million, or $1.89 per diluted share, and delivered an average return on assets of 2.5%, a return on tangible common equity of 22.4%, and a 15% increase in tangible book value per share. Next, I'll cover our key credit trends on slide 8, which highlight the efficacy of our credit actions that Symphony took from mid-2023 through early 2024, and gives us confidence in our portfolio's trajectory towards our long-term net charge-off target of 5.5% to 6%. At quarter end, our 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.52%, a decline of 22 basis points from 4.74% in the prior year. and four basis points below our historical average for the first quarters of 2017 to 2019. Our 90-plus delinquency rate was 2.29%, a decrease of 13 basis points from 2.42% in the prior year, and one basis point above our historical average for the first quarters of 2017 to 2019. And our net charge-off rate was 6.38% in the first quarter, an increase of 7 basis points from the 6.31% in the prior year, and 54 basis points above our historical average from the first quarters of 2017 to 2019. Net charge-off dollars were down 4% sequentially. This compares favorably to the 2017 to 2019 average sequential increase of 9%. Our allowance for credit losses as a percent of loan receivables was 10.87%, which increased approximately 43 basis points from the 10.44% in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide nine, Synchrony's funding, capital, and liquidity continues to provide a strong foundation for our business. During the first quarter, Synchrony grew our direct deposits by approximately $1.7 billion and reduced our broker deposits by $338 million. We executed both secured and unsecured deals at attractive credit spreads when compared to historical deals. In the secured market, we issued $750 million of three-year bonds with a coupon of 4.78%. In the unsecured market, we issued $800 million of six-year non-call five-year note at a coupon of 5.45%. We also achieved a credit rating upgrade from Fitch moving our long-term issuer default rating up to BBB with a stable outlook. We are proud of this rating action, as it reflects Synchrony's strong balance sheet, the resiliency of our business model, and strong execution as a public company over a decade since our IPO. At quarter end, deposits represented 83% of our total funding, with secured and unsecured debt representing 9% and 8%, respectively. Total liquid assets increased 9 percent to $23.89 and represented 19.5 percent of total assets, 142 basis points higher than last year. Moving to our capital ratios. As a reminder, SINCRE elected to take the benefit of the CECL transition rules issued by the joint federal banking agencies. We made our final transitional adjustment of approximately 50 basis points to our regulatory capital metrics in January 2025. Our capital metrics now fully reflect the phase-in effects of CECL. The impact of CECL has already been recognized in our income statement and balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with a CEP1 ratio of 13.2%, 60 basis points higher than last year's 12.6%. Our Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.4%, 60 basis points above last year. our total capital ratio increased 70 basis points to 16.5%. And our Tier 1 capital plus reserves ratio on a fully phased-in basis increased to 25.1% compared to 23.8% last year. During the first quarter, Synchrony completed our existing share or purchase authorization for the period ending June 30, 2025, and returned $697 million to shareholders, consisting of $600 million in share or purchases and $97 million in common stock dividends. Given our strong capital position, we announced today that as part of our capital plan, our Board approved a new share or purchase authorization of $2.5 billion for the period ending June 30, 2026, and increase our regular quarterly dividend by 20% to $0.30 per common share beginning in the second quarter of 2025. Taking your means well positioned to return capital to shareholders is guided by our business performance, market conditions, regulatory restrictions, and subject to our capital plan. Turning to our baseline outlook for 2025 on slide 10. Given the court order entered last week in the litigation and ultimately vacated the late fee rule, Synchrony will begin the process of assessing next steps and engaging with the partners regarding the performance of our implemented PPPCs to determine if any adjustments are warranted. Our baseline assumptions exclude any potential impacts from changes to the PPPCs as well as any potential impacts from a deteriorating macroeconomic environment or from the implementation of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs as they are unknown at this point. Turn to our outlook in more detail. We continue to expect purchase line growth to be impacted by our previous credit actions and selective customer spend behavior, and that payment rate will remain generally in line with 2024 levels. As a result, we are maintaining our full-year expectation of low single-digit growth and ending loan receivables. We continue to expect net revenue between $15.2 and $15.7 billion for the full year. The industry's income is expected to follow seasonal trends associated with growth, credit performance and liquidity, and will ultimately be determined by a number of factors, including year-over-year growth in both interest income and other income as the impact of our PPP fees builds, partially offset by the flow-through effect of lower average benchmark rates on our variable rate receivables, lower assessed late fees as the liquidity performance improves, a lower yielding investment portfolio due to lower benchmark rates, and finance charges and lengthy reversals associated with the seasonality of our credit performance. Lower average benchmark rates should also continue to contribute to lower funding costs as our CDE maturity is repriced, although this will be influenced by competitive deposit beta trends in response to any additional rate cuts that may occur. In addition, we continue to expect higher levels of liquidity in the second quarter given our desire to prioritize our deposit-customer relationships and pre-fund future growth. We anticipate reducing our excess liquidity portfolio gradually as growth begins to build in the back half of the year. As a result, our liquid assets as a percent of total assets will average approximately 17% for the full year, which is higher than our historical average over the prior three years. We now expect RSA as a percent of average loan receivables to be between 3.70% and 3.85%, driven by improving program performance, and their net charge-off outlook has improved to be between 5.8% and 6.0%. Our revised net charge-off range expectation for the full year is now inside our long-term financial framework of 5.5% to 6%, driven by our prior credit actions and differentiated approach to underwriting and credit management. we are maintaining our expectation of an efficiency ratio between 31.5% and 32.5%. Before I turn the call over to Q&A, I'd like to leave you three key takeaways from today's discussion. First, our customers have remained stable. They've been consistently making choices that align their day-to-day needs and seeking value and flexibility to prudently manage their financial situations amid an inflationary and highly fluid environment. Second, securities credit trends continue to outperform relative to the industry, which is underscored by our current year outlook. Our sophisticated underwriting and credit management strategy have enabled a lower relative net charge-off peak than most of our peers, and Swister expected a return to our long-term target range. And while our credit actions create near-term impact on growth, our portfolio's credit position should provide greater long-term resilience as market conditions continue to evolve. Synchrony's robust capital remains a clear strength. Our new capital plan reflects the confidence of our board and our company that Synchrony is well positioned to continue to drive progress towards our long-term financial targets and deliver significant long-term value for our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Catherine to open the Q&A. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now begin the Q&A session. so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session. At this time, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. You may remove yourself from the queue by pressing star 2. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. We'll take our first question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, Ryan. Morning, Ryan. So, you know, obviously lots of concerns in the market on credit. You guys are able to take down the top end of the guide. Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing, what gave you the confidence to bring down, you know, the upper end of the range? And second, you know, the allowance was up with seasonality, but, you know, can you maybe just remind us what to assume for unemployment, particularly when you overlay your qualitative reserves? Yeah, so Ryan, why don't I start on that and then Ryan can talk in more detail on the reserve assumptions. Look, I think we feel pretty constructive around the consumer and the trends that we're seeing right now. I think our credit team did a fantastic job kind of navigating the last two years. I think the investments that we made in our PRISM proprietary underwriting system are certainly paying off. It was great to see us turn the corner on delinquencies. 30-plus was down 22 basis points. 90-plus was down 13 basis points. I think both a little better than our expectations. With that said, we didn't adjust the guidance all that much, but we did feel comfortable given the trends that we're seeing, just tweaking it a little bit. I think what's particularly important is we're doing that with receivables maybe just a touch softer than we expected. you've got the denominator impact, which isn't exactly helping. So credit is trending better than we expected. So we feel pretty good overall in terms of how we started the year on credit. Yeah, Ryan, let me fill a little piece in and talk about the reserves. Obviously, as we look at the formation that was at the end of the first quarter, we're down 18 basis points versus last year. We're better than our 17 to 19 seasonality or pre-pandemic period by four basis points. 90 plus is right on top of that pre-pandemic period. And when we continue to look, we continue to see strength in the entry rate. is what's flowing into delinquency. And then what we're seeing is some improved performance in the back end of delinquency. That gives us comfort, right, how delinquency is performing. And those trends have been consistent. You look at outperforming seasonality, you know, for the better part of six months, we have been outperforming seasonality on a 30-plus and 90-plus. What's giving us comfort is obviously the credit actions that we've taken, both in the middle part of 23 and early part of 24, has really resonated. If you look at the vintages that we see in 24, they're outperforming 2019, albeit it's early, outperforming 2019 and 2023. So we feel comfortable about the formation. We feel comfortable about what we're underwriting today. as it relates to that. So that's what kind of gives us comfort. I mean, we're already three months into the year. You see delinquency, which gives you a pretty good indication for the next six months. So we felt good that we're back inside of our long-term target of 5.5% to 6% as a guide for this year. Now, when you think about the reserves, albeit we had a release of $97 million last Inside of that, we had a $5 million post-up for an acquisition. So you think about $100 million reserve relief, there was an increase to the qualitative reserve. So the quantitative reserve based on performance came down, but we increased the qualitative reserve over $200 million. And what really underpins that is the macroeconomic overlay that essentially has a 5.3% unemployment rate in it. When you factor in the imprecision factor, you're north of a 5.3 percent unemployment rate. So I think as we think about credit charge offs, you know, we feel really good about. I think, you know, we probably have been thoughtful about it during macro, at least from a reserve standpoint, as we closed out the quarter. Got it. I appreciate the color. And then, you know, Brian, the guidance says, you know, no changes to PPPCs already implemented. And, you know, you mentioned starting to think about next steps. I guess, you know, one, do we have enough clarity that the rule may not come back at a later date? And then how should we think about the timing and process as to whether you hold on to what's already been implemented or inevitably they will be reversed? Thank you. Yeah, Ryan, I think we feel pretty comfortable that the rule has been vacated, and we expect it to come back in a similar form in time in the near future. So with that said, we don't currently have plans to roll anything back in terms of the changes that we made. Obviously, now that we have some certainty that the rule isn't going to go into effect, we're going to go out and we'll talk to our partners, just like we did when we rolled out those actions. will be transparent you know like we are with any major decisions that we make related to the program uh we'll we'll look at a number of different factors and frankly every partner we have is going to look at this differently we're going to look at the behavioral changes that we saw when we rolled out the pricing actions frankly they haven't been material uh we didn't see um you know big reduction in you know accounts or spend related to the actions we did a lot of test and control around that Our partners will certainly look at where other merchants and providers are pricing their programs, so they always look at their competitive set. You have to keep in mind that the prime rate has come down, so on our variable rate cards, consumers have gotten the benefit of that. And then lastly, we'll go through the financial impact of what it would mean if we were going to do some kind of rollback. They'd look at the RSA, and they'd look at maybe a growth trade-off, to that extent that there is one. And then the other thing I just want to highlight, I think this is important, any kind of change that we're going to make could come in a variety of forms. So that could be adding value to the card and giving value back to the consumer through promotions and offers and stuff like that. It doesn't have to just be a price rollback necessarily. We could also approve more customers at the margins, you know, where we have the opportunity to do that at attractive returns. And lastly, I just say, look, it's going to take some time. You know, we're going partner by partner. Just like it took quite a bit of time to roll out the PPPCs, it's going to take a lot of time to get through, you know, those discussions. It's complex. Every partner is going to look at it differently. And frankly, our partners are focused on other stuff at the moment. It's given the uncertainty in the environment. Appreciate all the call, Brian. Thanks, Ryan. Thanks, Ryan. And we'll move next to Terry Ma with Barclays. Please go ahead. Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I'm just curious about your growth outlook. It's good to see that you reaffirmed your year-end receivables guide in the face of an uncertain macro. But purchase volumes, loan growth, and account growth were all lower year-over-year. So what's the driver of the return to positive growth by year end? And is there anything you can do to help drive that? Yeah, thanks for the question, Terry. You know, as we look at the, you know, start at the top of the funnel, the purchase volume, you know, purchase volume, we had negative 4%. It's negative 3% when you factor out a leap year. We're counting against the highest purchase volume for a single quarter in the first quarter, you know, in our history. So it's a tough count. You know, what we saw last year, though, was a decline in purchase volume or slowing in purchase volume that began in June of last year through the end of the year. So the comps get a little bit better. I think you see on the charts that we've kind of showed in the earnings deck today, this narrative that the consumer is pulling back. We have not seen the consumer pull back for us. Sales have been consistent both on a weekly basis all the way throughout the second week into April. So sales may consist, and we haven't seen any generational shifts, which we try to show in the charts. So the consumer is continuing to be resilient through this period of time. When you think about some of the other metrics, when you think about active accounts and the like, part of that's really influenced by our credit actions and the impact on new accounts. That has given us a little bit of a headwind. But again, we believe that as the consumer kind of gets their footing here, you know, with hopefully a lower core inflationary market, that the strength continues. And we see the pickup in volume that should accelerate through the year, mainly in the back half of the year, you know, following more seasonal trends. So we're encouraged by the first quarter performance is generally in line with, you know, how we thought it would play out. You know, we kind of, we indicated in the dating part of the year, the first half would be much like the second half of last year. Again, once you start lapping that and getting through, You know, we believe that a little single-digit receivable growth is achievable. This also doesn't factor in any potential adjustments to credit, right? If the environment holds the way it is today, you know, there's some thought that we may do things that are to existing customers that we know and have relationships that can accelerate that growth. That's not factored into this outlook, but something we'll consider as we watch the macroeconomic environment and how things play out. Got it. That's helpful. I guess to the extent that, you know, loan growth doesn't come in as expected in the low single digits, how does that impact the phase-in of your PPPCs, particularly the APR piece? Any way to kind of quantify or contextualize that? Thank you. Yeah, you know, listen, I think you have a core book today, right, that's going to continue to, you know, build in value, right, as the APR continues to increase. If you have lower purchase volume, right, that means that the phasing approach and the protected balance will accelerate, you know, will be impacted, and the amount that the PPPCs become effective will actually accelerate, right? throughout the year. So a lower volume actually does help the PPPCs from an interest perspective. Certainly having lower active accounts will provide a little bit of a headwind from another income perspective when you think about paper statement dues. Thanks, Terry. Have a good day. And we'll move next to Moshe Orenbach. With T.D. Towan, please go ahead. T.D. Thanks. Thanks very much. Brian, Brian Doubles, I was intrigued by your comment about, you know, using the benefits from the, you know, from the mitigants or PPPCs to kind of add value and add growth either, you know, by adding value to a specific consumer. you know, propositions or by underwriting a little deeper. Maybe could you just flesh that out a little bit and, you know, talk about maybe not specific merchants, but are there, you know, categories of merchants where that's going to where each of those could work better and maybe talk about how that factors into your growth plan for 2025? Yeah, you know, essentially, Moshe, we've been talking about this. I think the investment community has been talking about this as just a simple rollback of what we've done. But, you know, given the work has already been completed to roll out the pricing changes, any changes from here on out will be similar to changes that we're always looking at with our partners. And they're typically looking at doing one of two things, you know, incenting the consumer to spend more, to drive growth for themselves, for the program, to provide more value on the card. So one of the things that, you know, particularly in times that are uncertain like this, our partners lean even more heavily on the card programs. And so, you know, we're in there discussing that. with some of the additional revenue? Can we improve the value prop a little bit? Can we do more promotions, more marketing, different placement to drive growth? Those are the kind of discussions that we're having. I think the other interesting thing that we're talking to them about is now with maybe an increase in APR, can we approve more customers on the margin? Obviously, we would do that at very strong risk-adjusted returns. We would likely do it in our highest-returning portfolios. But can we approve more of that marginal customer that may not have been approved under the old APR? There's a number of different things that we're looking at. I wouldn't say it's unique to any one platform or industry. It really is across the board. But those are the types of things that our teams are out there working on. Great. Thanks. And maybe as a follow-up, I know I probably gave you a little bit of a hard time last year about not using the share repurchase as aggressively. And, you know, your comment about waiting for some market volatility, certainly I've seen that. You know, given that you're now past the full implementation of CECL. And, you know, at the moment, loans are not growing. You're expecting them to come back a little bit, but still be, obviously, you know, you'll be generating a lot of excess capital. Can you talk about, in the current environment, given all the factors that we know, positive and negative, you know, how you think about the use of that, you know, that new share repurchase authorization? Thanks for the question. The way we think about it, we're starting from a place where we have a lot of excess capital. And we know that this year, you know, hopefully things play out that we will generate, you know, like other years, significant capital for utilization. You know, our number one priority is always going to be organic RWA growth. And, again, we have it growing here low single digits, which is below our historic norm. Obviously, we would be pleased if it exceeded that. You know, our second to dividend, and you know, you know, hopefully noticed this morning, we increased our dividend 20% to 30 cents per share on a quarterly basis. And then you get into share purchases or inorganic opportunities. And again, we're going to be very disciplined when it comes to inorganic opportunities to add things to the portfolio or add capabilities to the portfolio, either in attractive financial returns, IR, RIC, or returns that are accretive to the baseline ROA of the company. That being said, $2.5 million is probably one of our larger historical share of purchases. That doesn't preclude us to the extent that growth doesn't necessarily come through going back to the board and increasing that if we deem that to be the best use of capital. So for us, it's a strategic advantage right now that we can employ either in the short term or invest in the longer term. So it gives a lot of flexibility as a company. It gives the board a lot of flexibility of how we can execute against our long-term strategy. Thanks very much. I would just reiterate and emphasize that you know, over the last 10 years is about half a share of the company. So we are laser focused on returning capital to shareholders if, in the event that we don't need it for RWA growth. Thanks very much. Thanks very much. And we will move next to Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. I just want to take a step back first to just amplify the macro commentary a little bit. I just want to talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your data. You're hearing from retail partners. How are they prepping for the potential of tariffs? Is there anything you guys are involved with that process with, or just even thinking through what it looks like when the tariffs come in place? And then just on the weekly data, if you could just talk a little bit. It's been pretty stable, clearly. And you saw this in April, too. Do you think there's a little bit of a pull forward or Easter impact in there that's maybe propping the first two weeks of April up? Thanks. Yeah, there's a lot in there. Let me start on that. I think it's important just to differentiate between all of the uncertainty in the market, in the macroeconomic futures and what people are predicting, and what we're seeing right now in terms of the health of the consumer. The uncertainty is clearly out there. It's impacting consumer confidence, but at this point, it's not impacting what consumers are actually doing. You know, spend levels are still pretty strong. Credit is performing in line to better than we expected. So I think the consumer is still in pretty good shape. I think the labor market is strong. You know, with that said, look, they're being selective around how they spend. They're navigating inflation as they have been, you know, for quite some time now. I think as you look inside the portfolio, you've got the lower income consumer. You know, they started tapering their spend, you know, about a year ago. That was largely driven by inflation. You saw a rotation out of discretionary and bigger ticket. You're seeing still pretty good spend levels for the higher-income consumer. You know, our prime segment grew sales 1%. Average tickets were down a little bit, but frequency was up. And, you know, I think what can't get lost in all this is that that moderation in spending patterns is actually a positive in terms of credit. We actually are encouraged by that pullback because consumers are not overextending. They're being disciplined. So overall, we're very pleased with the trends that we're seeing. I think it's responsible. It's in line or better than our expectations when you look at credit. And so I think we feel like the setup is pretty good. Now, on tariffs, we're obviously spending a lot of time with our partners. That's creating a lot of the uncertainty. I think our partners, some are more impacted than others. They're rethinking strategies around inventory management, supply chain, pricing actions. You're seeing some marketing to kind of pull forward sales. I would tell you we haven't seen that yet. We haven't seen that materialize. We may. It's still very early, but we're not seeing it in the data. You saw the weekly data was still relatively consistent, relatively flat. So look, we're in an uncertain situation here. We're staying close to our partners. We're doing everything we can to serve them. You know, times like these, like I said, you generally see our partners lean on the credit program even more heavily. Those are their best customers, typically, and that's where we're spending a lot of our time right now. Let me add a little bit more color, I think, on the outlook and then answer your second question about pull forward. You know, when you look at the outlook, I think people look at that and say, well, there's no macroeconomic deterioration that's in here or the impact of tariffs. Let me give you a little bit of a framework. If you think about a traditional macroeconomic called recessionary type environment, what you generally see in this industry is, in theory, slowing down a payment rate higher or above. You end up in the short term having higher interest income, higher late fees, which precedes net charge-offs. Put aside the reserve for a second. So, if you got into a recessionary period like today, I think what you start to see is a change in the consumer behavior that, in theory, would provide you incremental revenue offset by the RSA, and then charge-offs, because the way in which unemployment builds, people lose their jobs, they have severance, they get unemployment, they go through a period of trying to deal with the financial situation, they went to the liquid-debate role. Your charge-offs are more a 26 issue if you were in that scenario today. Then you have to consider whether or not your reserve outlook really took into account what you think the top end of the unemployment looks like in 2025. So that's why it wasn't really factored in because there are, you know, if you were in a very traditional recessionary environment, you know, upside to some of the base case that's in here. When we talk about no consumer behavioral attributes from tariffs, there are two elements that come through there. One, yes, sales volume may get, or purchase volume may get a little bit more challenged, as the consumer has to spend more on certain goods, and rotate maybe added discretionary goods, but also payment rates should, in theory, decline, which would give you higher revolve. So those are ones we'll watch. We haven't seen any of these factors today, either in unemployment, or in changing the behavioral impact from tariffs. Your specific question about the pull forward when you look at the weekly sales, as we showed you the first couple weeks of April, if you look at weeks 12 and 13 versus week 15, so the second week in there, when we unpacked that, there were three platforms that were impacted. One platform had what we believe increased relative to home, which we traditionally see in the springtime. One platform had a significant campaign run by our partner, which included our credit card, where we saw an uplift in new accounts and activity. So that was fairly normal. And the third platform was really more Easter. I think we see it. We do not see, even though we see some of our partners running tariff-related promotions, there's been no discernible information or data that says we have any pull forward from tariffs in and of themselves. That was tremendously helpful. Thank you. Maybe just switching gears a little bit to partners and competitive intensity for retail programs. Can you just talk about your appetite for onboarding a larger portfolio in this environment? And just relatedly, I did want to ask about deal renewals because I think 10K, the percentage of revenue that's under contract 24 months out, was a little lighter this year compared to the last few years. So anything to call out there? Thank you. I think the competitive environment is pretty consistent with where it's been the last couple of years. I think we haven't been in a very stable, predictable environment. I think when you have some uncertainty out there, I think you see issuers demonstrate a little more discipline in terms of how their pricing programs, how they're looking at the risk-return equation. We believe we have that discipline through cycles, more so than maybe anybody else, but I'll tell you, it felt like a pretty good competitive environment. And, look, we're always looking to bring on new programs. We signed some this quarter. We had some great renewals, big, small. You know, we kind of cater to such a diversified set of partners, tons of small to medium-sized businesses, hundreds of thousands. And we've got really large partners that – that are really attractive as well. And if you think about just the past year, we renewed Sam's Club, JCPenney. We're always in those types of discussions with our partners looking to early renew when we can outside of an RFP. And there's typically things inside of the program that, you know, as you get into these 10-year agreements, something that we want to fix, something that they want to change, maybe it's a refreshed value prop. So, you know, we'll typically get together on those with our partners and say, okay, we're both willing to make this investment. You know, let's add some years to the back end of the contract. Yeah, and here to answer the second part of your question, you know, our 10K disclosure, obviously the year shifted between 2023 and 2024. So we slid out to 2027 and beyond from a disclosure standpoint. I think back in December when we finalized the year and produced the K in February, we were in the low 80%. range relative to revenue that was beyond 27. That's now in the high 80s. So we continue to make progress and we have, you know, we have some renewals to go here in the next couple of years. You know, as Brian's always tells us, you know, we earn renewals every day and we'll continue to work on those, you know, over the course of the next year or so. But, you know, obviously deliver for our partners, particularly in an uncertain environment, it's the best way to have renewals. Thank you. Thanks, Mary. Have a good day. And we will move next to Rob Wildhack with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. I think last quarter you had mentioned running with higher levels of liquidity this or at least for the early part of this year to pre-fund growth. Does that stance change at all with respect to the current macro environment and the uncertainty out there today? Is it possible that you would run with liquidity even higher now? First of all, thanks for the question, Rob, and good morning. I think our liquidity position, as we thought about it as we entered the year, was twofold. Albeit a slower growth environment than historical norms, we realize we're going to return to growth. So coming on and off and trying to start the engine of growth on your digital bank and deposits didn't make a lot of sense to us given the rate environment. Even if I have excess liquidity, why it's a drain on them, if I'm borrowing at 4%, I'm getting 4.5% at the Fed, it's positive economic trade. So we weren't necessarily troubled by having necessarily excess liquidity, number one. The view hasn't really changed relative to the asset growth. We will use it at some point. as we move forward. The second, you know, benefit of having access to equity, we're into some significant maturity powers here on CDs that are up for renewal. So it gives us a little bit of pricing flexibility as we think about that to lower our interest-bearing liability cost without the fear that we're going to have to raise rates somewhere else in order to keep that customer or maintain the equity. We expect to have a higher liquidity most certainly in the first half of the year. you know, as we talked about, growth should accelerate in the back half of the year. So, we'll begin to use that liquidity both in the back half of this year and into next year. So, the simple answer is no, it hasn't changed our view since December. Male Speaker 1 Okay. Thanks. And then I just wanted to dig in a little bit and ask about dual card and co-brands. The volume and loan growth there was better than the portfolio overall and accelerated sequentially. Last quarter, you had mentioned that as kind of being a waypoint for a reversal of some of your tightening. Maybe this is just normal ebbs and flows, Q4, Q1, but could you just unpack that dynamic and then talk about how you're thinking about things with respect to private label growth versus dual card or co-brand growth going forward? Thanks. Again, thanks for the question, Rob. So when you think about the dual-core growth for a second, one of the areas that we've talked about kind of prioritizing for the company has been our health and wellness. So the dual card we have issued in our care credit business, which allows customers the flexibility, whether they're in-network using, in many places where care credit's accepted, the veterinary, dental offices, and over the 40 specialties that we have in there, but also generating benefits in the world has been very attractive to folks. It's been one of our growth vectors for last year, and that continues to drive growth into this year. as you continue to think about you know our core partners right where we have a dual card private label offering it really comes through through our populations we get a stronger through the door population we're able to prove more dual cards and they put on they recognize the value in the world back into the brand in which they have intense loyalty to which is why they apply for credit uh with us so so i think it really is testament to the brand strength of our partners and then places where we're leaning into from a dual car perspective With regards to that, we still do run a strategy where we are lower line assignments than traditional general purpose cards, which allows us to maintain a very attractive risk-adjusted margin and maintain the charge-off profile. you know, the company. And this is why the multi-product strategy is so important. I mean, we can start somebody off in a secured card, in a set pay product, private label, and then migrate them over time as they demonstrate the ability to pay, credit worthiness, we get to know that customer, how they spend, what types of purchases they make. And that's really the power of the multi-product strategy. That's, you know, really resonating with our partners. We talked about new wins, renewals. that's been a key component of particular the big renewals where we've added a product or two to those to those programs very helpful thank you and we will move next to sanjay sakrani with kpw please go ahead thank you um i guess i wanted to follow up on credit quality i know we've talked extensively about it but when i look at through the path of the delinquency rate over the last several months, and then the charge-off rates actually came down year over year in March. It seems like there's a good glide path, all else equal, for credit to improve quite decently. I'm just trying to think about, you know, where we would expect all else equal the charge-off to migrate. You know, can we go below average given it's tightened so much? Maybe you can just talk a little bit about that. let me start at a high level sunday look i think we feel very pleased with the credit trends that we're seeing you know the actions that we took starting in you know mid 23 are clearly having the desired impact you know we're trending a little bit better than we expected you know we talked about 30 90 you know now showing down year over year if you look at our performance relative to the industry and you benchmark that against 2019, you know, we've just simply performed better. And I think that's a lot of the investments that we've made. That's the investments we've made in PRISM. I think our credit team's done a fantastic job navigating this. You know, as Brian talked about earlier, I think there may be an opportunity where we can open up a little bit in the back half of the year. You know, if we do that, it'll be Very methodical. We'll do that starting with our existing customers, giving them a little more spending power. In some of our higher returning segments, I think we might have the opportunity to make some slight adjustments on approval rates. uh but generally we feel like it's a pretty good setup for the for the back half of the year and i'll turn it to brian to talk a little more about the charge off guidance yeah you know sanjay you know i i gave some framework earlier in the call really well to to the charge i think as we look at it and you kind of peel the oven the onion back here a little bit there are a number of factors right number one was the the credit actions that we've taken in order to, as far as origination and authorization of transactions on existing accounts, to get that in a place where we feel comfortable with that being inside of our long-term guidance. We've also made a number of changes over the last couple of years around collections, our strategies, whether it's on a pre-delinquent basis or inside of delinquency where we're able to do different things than we did a couple of years ago, we think it's really helping entry rate and some of the flows back in. And I think some of the activity really with regard to even our recovery operation where we insource that from a third party to really deliver benefits. And, you know, to be honest with you, relative to peers, we didn't really have the dip in recoveries we had. So there are multiple different factors, I think, that help us produce that net charge-off rate, all of which are, you know, our view performing well right now and gives us, you know, comfort that we can hit this net charge-off rate, most certainly sitting here in mid-April. Okay, great. And Brian Doubles, I think in here was also alluding to some of the larger RFPs out there for sizable portfolios. Could you I'm not sure if I heard the answer to that. But can you talk about how you guys feel about the opportunity to secure larger portfolios? Yeah, we are very interested in securing larger portfolios. We always have been. We have a lot of discipline, though, around how we evaluate those opportunities. You've got to have really good alignment with the partner. You've got to have a good deal structure that's fair and equitable with both parties, good alignment in terms of how you want to grow because, you know, If you're going to sign a large program that's going to go over 10 years, you have to have that alignment because you're going to have to make changes to the program, whether it's underwriting, marketing strategies, placement, and those things need to benefit both parties. We do an enormous amount of financial due diligence, run a lot of models. We stress those bigger opportunities significantly and make sure that as we look at a 10-year deal, we look at it every year and say, okay, are we going to like this deal? in that year under these circumstances, is the partner still going to like this deal? And so we've got a ton of rigor around that process. And at the end of the day, you know, we have other uses for our capital, and it has to compete with sharing purchases and other things. And so it's got to be, you know, in line with the overall return for the business or accretive. And so, you know, these are very attractive opportunities, you know, when you look at larger programs and bringing on an earning portfolio. But It's got to meet a lot of hurdles and have a really attractive risk-adjusted return and really good alignment between the parties. Is there a sense of timing on any of this, whether you know or not? It sounds like you're talking about a specific opportunity or two, Ryan, that I'm obviously not going to get into. I'm sorry, Sandra. Sorry. All good. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Sandra. Thanks, CJ. And we will move next to Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. um look i'd like to delve in a little bit more to the dual card uh there was talk about the growth there but i am curious when you think about the credit profile um is it different both from a fico score perspective but maybe even more importantly from a utility perspective should we in a slowdown expect different performance for private label versus the dual cards Yeah, good morning, Rick. Thanks for the question. Yes, so dual-card generally, you know, we use a number of factors to underwrite them. Yes, credit quality is one. We have our own proprietary score as well as we use data from our partners in order to determine whether or not they're dual-card eligible or private label card eligible. When we think through that, there are times when your credit score may be a little bit lower. But based on their performance to us, we give them a dual card because they perform better. They perform like a higher credit grade. Generally speaking, though, the credit quality of the dual card is higher. The spend and payment rates are generally higher than that of a private label card. I think if you enter into an economic downturn, most certainly we deploy the same type of Credit actions we normally would take, which would, you know, make sure we are not overextended on lines. We watch, you know, account transactions and authorizations. It generally will have higher severity because it's a bigger balance, but lower incident rate of charge-off, where your private label book has, you know, a higher incident rate because it has a, generally speaking, a lower credit profile, but a lower severity rate because of the average balance and line restrictions. Got it. And can you speak a little bit to the impact of utility for the consumer being able to use the card in one place as opposed to having it be their primary card and how that impacts payment behavior? Yeah, you know, listen, I think every individual makes a payment hierarchy decision, right, relative to what cards. In a lot of places, you know, they'll make decisions, you know, and look at cards based upon, you know, the brand that they're connected with, not solely utility. I mean, it's not just a piece of plastic or a digital card, right? They want to sit back and say, listen, I like to go shop at, you know, retailer X or Y, and they want to continue to use that, and they use it there. That being said, we also have cards that are private label that have broad-based utility. You think about a PayPal card. You think about an Amazon card. You think about cards that we're now being able to load into or will be able to load an Apple Pay that has broad utility. So utility does matter. There's lots of places where Utility is broad-based. If you think about our home segment, we have home cards, car care cards that go across multiple retailers, care credit goes across multiple specialties. So while ZoomCard is one, we have broad-based utility, which makes the card important to the consumer, and obviously the connection with the brand really is relevant. Brian, that's really helpful and something I didn't fully appreciate. Thank you. Thanks, Rick. Have a good day. And we will move next to... John Pinkerry with Evercore. Please go ahead. Good morning. Good morning. On the macro assumptions, Brian Wentzel, thanks for the caller regarding the baseline assumptions and why they don't dial in the recessionary backdrop. If you did dial in a weaker macro and recessionary dynamics into the baseline assumptions, I hear you that revenue and I may benefit from the higher revolvery. What would it mean for your charge off expectation? I know maybe it's not a 25 thing, but it's more of 2026. I guess what I'm asking, what does a stressed charge off level look like for synchrony? Given your current business mix your credit typing as of today, how would that charge off range compared to this 5.8 to 6% level that you're looking at for this year? Yeah, thanks for the question, John. You know, first of all, again, go back to allocated. I know you talked a little bit about some of the impacts. You talked about the revenue impact. I also think on the growth side of the equation, you have lower purchase line and slower payment rate, which, you know, counterbalance each other to some degree. It really depends upon the severity of the macroeconomic event. You know, again, when you sit around saying I'm in, you know, the 22nd of April of this year, Depending on the severity of the event, there's not as much net charge-off impact, given the fact that it takes a while to go from losing your job to rolling through net charge-off, unless you say the person's going to go back up or go into a settlement program right away, which has not been the historical norm. So to some degree, there is a lag time of generally nine to 12 months on certain economic events where you start to see the charge-off. So, you know, the expectation, again, you know, this is all theoretical because there's not an assumption here, but there probably wouldn't be as much impact on that charge-off rate in 25 if it followed some of the historical norms that we've seen on typical recessions put aside the GFC and the pandemic. Any care to comment on what a 26 number would look like under a recessionary scenario, given your business mix and the mix in the balance sheet? I actually do not care to comment. We're not counting a 26 yet or a hypothetical for inflationary or a recessionary environment. But thanks for the question. I understand. And then separately, I guess just in terms of the credit actions, I know you indicated that you're evaluating actions to accelerate growth. And, you know, when you talked about some of the partnerships and everything, does that include a widening of the credit box from here, just given how your credit has performed? I mean, are you evaluating unwinding some of the tightening actions that you put in place in 23 and 24 to drive some acceleration and growth? Yeah, I mean, I alluded to that earlier. I think it's something we're evaluating. You know, we'll be very methodical about how we'll do it. You know, we would tend to start with our existing customers. You know, we know them well. We know how they spend. They built a credit history with us, so we would give them a little more spending power potentially. Where we have higher returning segments in the portfolio, there may be an opportunity to widen the box a little bit. But everything would be done in the context of that long-term net charge-off rate. So 5.5%, 6%. We're not looking to do anything outside of that. We don't want to run well below that because we're leaving growth on the table. And we certainly don't want to run above that, and you've seen us manage it back into that long-term charge-off guidance. So, you know, that's how we would approach it. You know, we're managing through a fairly uncertain environment, so we're obviously taking that into account, and that's why we move pretty methodically. Great. Very helpful, Brian. Appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks. Have a good day. And we will move next to Mark DeVries with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Yeah, thanks. Had a follow-up question on just capital levels and returns. You're sitting here with CET1, you know, 13.2%, well above kind of the historic target range of 10% to 11%. I guess the question is, is that still the right target for you to manage down to? And any thoughts on kind of pace at which we should expect you to kind of manage down to those levels? Yeah, thanks for the question, Mark, and good morning. You know, our target level, which we've shared, is 11%. You know, so that's the goal, which we go through. Obviously, there's some buffer around that at different points given seasonality. But, you know, we're on a consistent pace to do that. Remember, Mark, we started out where our capital peaked at. 18% CET1 in this company. And Brian highlighted earlier on the call, you know, we've taken out over half the shares since 2016 to kind of get here now. So we understand the importance of having an efficient balance sheet. We've kind of built out, you know, our Tier 2. We have a little bit more on Tier 1. And we're on a pace in which we, you know, we share with our board and our regulators over the course of several years on how our capital directory goes. The $2.5 billion today, we think, is a good position relative to the earnings power and the capital we're going to generate this year, given the RWA. you know, expenditure, the increase in the dividend, and doesn't preclude us from coming back, you know, later in the year and discussing with the board whether or not that needs to be adjusted, you know, upwards. So, you know, while we haven't provided the framework, our outlook hasn't changed to getting back to the 11%. And, again, you know, I do think we should get some level of credit for reducing over half the shares of the company in a period of eight years. Okay, and just to follow up on that, when you, you know, set this latest authorization, was it, you know, was it kind of sized to give you plenty of flexibility to outperform on the growth perspective? Because I just think about, like, what consensus earnings are and what implied payout, if you use 100% of the repurchase with the new dividend, you'd be kind of neutral to CET1 at the end of the year. Am I thinking about that right? And so either you... you outperform on a growth perspective, or it is likely you come back and potentially look to buy back more stock or expand the authorization? Yeah, I think, you know, whenever we do a capital plan, what we bring to the board is a number of different scenarios. We have baseline scenarios. Obviously, we have distress scenarios. There are outlays that are in there, and so we have a full range that shows the type of resiliency the capital stack really has. under different scenarios um you know we didn't go to the board and say we're going to be back later this year but obviously that's an option for for us to discuss with the board whether it's warranted i mean i i think right now two and a half billion dollar authorization is a good place to start uh we'll execute throughout the year and see how growth develops and and see what the opportunities are get to the board and have that discussion um but but again you know we're very close pleased with the capital plan that has a 30-cent dividend up 20% from our existing dividend and a $2.5 million authorization, especially today given our market capitalization, which is unfortunately lower than its true value. Yeah, it makes sense. Thank you. Thanks, Mark. Thank you. And we only have time for one last questioner. Our last question comes from the line of Don Vandetti with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Don Vandetti, Wells Fargo, Good morning. Brian, can you talk a little bit about the sort of runway for CARE credit? It's been a good growth story. Competitively, are you still seeing that as a fragmented market? And then also, how has the credit performance been versus your expectations? Yeah, look, I think we still feel great about the health and wellness platform. That is certainly, if I had to pick a platform that we're really investing in and trying to grow, it is that one. It's a huge market. We've got a leadership position. We've been in the business almost 40 years. Our NPS scores in that platform are off the charts. We have a really good reputation in terms of, you know, the providers that we serve across dental and vet. And it's a growing market as well. And so, you know, Brian Wentzel talked a little bit about the Care Credit Dual Card. We're employing a number of strategies to continue to grow there. It's obviously a bigger ticket, so, you know, you've seen maybe just a little bit of softness here recently, but we are extremely optimistic about our ability to grow Care Credit over the long term. And I would say on the credit performance side, you know, generally in line with the rest of the business, although, you know, given some of the margins, we are able to underwrite a little bit, a touch deeper there, at very attractive risk-adjusted returns. Thank you. Thanks, Tom. Thanks. Have a good day. Thank you. And this concludes Synchrony's earnings conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you.